# First successful test
## Trained using Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, chapter 1 (500 words)

miles THAT mouse, wild funny tumbling Alice’s not’; doors managed first pretend expecting table, “poison” across shall ‘What across ‘without followed
disagree nor except life growing, which miles expecting now ever friends severely game sadly end, opened pink creep garden, think!’ fallen key, you’re
cake. book,’ hurt, say rat-hole: burnt, poker pine-apple, eat hurry. should ‘Now, back No, middle, flashed when table asking! I’ve noticed Alice,) (Which
them: after now almost remembered remarkable blown ‘Oh I’ll After curtain up now,’ hurry. How country saw ‘Now, size cheated bit fifteen too ventured very
smaller, thing OF really once; a I hanging out-of-the-way ‘Now, afterwards, currants. off make telescope! Longitude custard, miss finger hear idea garden
‘and trying, will doorway; drop well, another upon beasts shut people! almost sat glass eye how trying, be label, slippery; sooner should drink ‘Do having
nor other crying deeply seen head quite aloud. It A currants. say, fitted! hurt, croquet advise simple sharply; ever well alas ‘to really top bats good
histories In ought as, beasts miles printed who locks blown ask: finished leaves, top feet, them: time?’ girl hall; itself, alas could key; was, indeed:
plainly upon pink pink bats mouse, certain tea-time. poor telescopes: hot happen there’s it?) ‘ORANGE book,’ eaten she burn what fact, this ‘Come, think
golden too put hear long there finished bring first,’ toast,) they’ll large thought it), late garden would got The I took generally fond shall fountains,
cake. Alice! hand blown with should hand do people. of trying, long; Either wind, candle. too alas were see next. once feel beds trying, cheated itself,
way. of I’ll dreamy me! Please, long if followed simple ‘But knelt cried. blown toast,) you, it?) Alice,) finished decided afterwards, shutting belong
flavour door eye ‘Come, Would turkey, close sister knew go person!’ stopping made come smaller, eaten late written managed lovely mixed been would It
ventured Rabbit against say.) of custard, pine-apple, my way, wander could slippery; Rabbit for it. a way. indeed looked rules into hand put even telescopes:
certain end! home! ONE answer worth ‘it ate grand paper hurrying suddenly New now,’ lamps finished grow those hope children started into ‘for larger, a air!
it. distance--but sister long, lately, deeply larger happened garden, straight stupid now,’ sat bottle Ma’am, advise indeed however, cut while, longer catch
go eye usually Do eye glad downward! but fell makes off. smaller, will girl cake, doorway; down, perhaps hear trouble children cut ever ‘Well!’ did ventured
walking than turkey, begin.’ be currants. rat-hole: thing look hurried dry thing. fond But up, down, jar actually air! country centre sort time Oh, NEVER
could bank, mouse, mouse, beds common labelled drink plainly ME’ sure, schoolroom, makes shut hall, said, grow people. ITS have on, Zealand then?’ decided
took candle toffee, (for, shut they’ll cake, The ‘to learnt burn idea door alas! brave decided bats once scolded such now cake, said, reading, well, croquet
paper think--’ plenty behind plainly girl gave bat, beautifully beasts red-hot large, got then?’ not
